Improve EKS docs. (#694)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/setting-up/server/dbaas.md

### Amazon AWS EKS

1. Create your cluster via [eksctl](https://github.com/weaveworks/eksctl#installation) or the Amazon AWS interface. For example:

    ```sh
    eksctl create cluster --write-kubeconfig --name=your-cluster-name --zones=us-west-2a,us-west-2b --kubeconfig <PATH_TO_KUBECONFIG>
    ```
2. Follow the instructions on [How to add a Kubernetes cluster](../../using/dbaas.md#add-a-kubernetes-cluster) with kubeconfig from the previous step.

    !!! note alert alert-primary ""

>         If possible, the connection details will show the cluster's external IP (not possible with minikube).

Reviewer: Could we rephrase the following sentence:
If possible, the connection details will show the cluster's external IP (not possible with minikube).
to 
**You may be able to see the external IP address of the cluster in the connection details (not possible with minikube).**

Author: In this alert we want to make users know that it's not always possible to see external IP address in connection details.

Reviewer: @BupycHuk 

Sometimes you can see the external IP address of the cluster in the connection details (this is not possible with minikube).

I am not convinced with this senetcne:

**If possible, the connection details will show the cluster's external IP (not possible with minikube).**

Author: it sounds like sometimes you can see the external IP address, sometimes you can't, we don't know how it works.

>         If possible, the connection details will show the cluster's external IP (not possible with minikube).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Occasionally, the connection details will show the cluster's external IP (this is not possible with minikube).
```

Author: If kubernetes cluster provides external IP it's will be shown in connection details?

TBH, stuff that we are discussing for the 2 weeks doesn't related to this PR, because I didn't change it in scope of this PR.
